TeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy cmdlet docs (#10855)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.md

---
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
title: New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy
author: boboPD
ms.author: pradas
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a new instance of the TeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
    New-CsTeamsMeetingTemplatePermissionPolicy [-Identity] <string> [-HiddenMeetingTemplates<PSListModifier[HiddenMeetingTemplate]>] [-Description <string>] [-Force] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> Creates a new instance of the policy with a name and a list of hidden meeting template IDs. The templates IDs passed in to the `HiddenMeetingTemplates` object must be valid existing template IDs. The current custom and first party templates on a tenant can be fetched by [Get-CsTeamsMeetingTemplateConfiguration](Get-CsTeamsMeetingTemplateConfiguration.md) and [Get-CsTeamsFirstPartyMeetingTemplateConfiguration](Get-CsTeamsFirstPartyMeetingTemplateConfiguration.md) respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new instance of the policy with a name and a list of hidden meeting template IDs. The template IDs passed into the `HiddenMeetingTemplates` object must be valid existing template IDs. The current custom and first-party templates on a tenant can be fetched by [Get-CsTeamsMeetingTemplateConfiguration](Get-CsTeamsMeetingTemplateConfiguration.md) and [Get-CsTeamsFirstPartyMeetingTemplateConfiguration](Get-CsTeamsFirstPartyMeetingTemplateConfiguration.md) respectively.
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

> Assuming there are two valid templates with IDs `firstparty_e514e598-fba6-4e1f-b8b3-138dd3bca748` and `customtemplate_9ab0014a-bba4-4ad6-b816-0b42104b5056`, we will first create the `HiddenMeetingTemplate` objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming there are two valid templates with IDs `firstparty_e514e598-fba6-4e1f-b8b3-138dd3bca748` and `customtemplate_9ab0014a-bba4-4ad6-b816-0b42104b5056`, we will first create the `HiddenMeetingTemplate` objects.
```

```powershell
PS> $hiddentemplate_1 = New-CsTeamsHiddenMeetingTemplate -Id customtemplate_9ab0014a-bba4-4ad6-b816-0b42104b5056
PS> $hiddentemplate_2 = New-CsTeamsHiddenMeetingTemplate -Id firstparty_e514e598-fba6-4e1f-b8b3-138dd3bca748
```

> The next step would be to create the policy instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step would be to create the policy instance.
```
